LORD SCOURGE RAISED the hood of his cloak as he stepped off the shuttle, a
shield against the wind and pelting rain. Storms were common here on Dromund
Kaas; dark clouds perpetually blocked out the sun, rendering terms like day and
night meaningless. The only natural illumination came from the frequent bursts
of lightning arcing across the sky, but the glow from the spaceport and nearby
Kaas City provided more than enough light to see where he was going.
The powerful electrical storms were a physical manifestation of the dark side
power that engulfed the entire planet—a power that had brought the Sith back
here a millennium before, when their very survival had been in doubt.
After a crushing defeat in the Great Hyperspace War, the Emperor had risen
up from the tattered ranks of the remaining Sith Lords to lead his followers on a
desperate exodus to the farthest reaches of the galaxy. Fleeing the Republic
armies and the relentless revenge of the Jedi, they eventually resettled far
beyond the borders of Republic-charted space on their long-lost ancestral
homeworld.
There, safely hidden from their enemies, the Sith began to rebuild their
Empire. Under the guidance of the Emperor—the immortal and all-powerful
savior who still reigned over them even after a thousand years—they abandoned
the hedonistic lifestyles of their barbaric ancestors.
Instead they created a near-perfect society in which the Imperial military
operated and controlled virtually every aspect of daily life. Farmers, mechanics,
teachers, cooks, janitors—all were part of the great martial machine, each
individual a cog trained to perform his or her duties with maximum discipline
and efficiency. As a result, the Sith had been able to conquer and enslave world
after world in the unexplored regions of the galaxy, until their power and
influence rivaled those of their glorious past.
Another burst of lightning split the sky, momentarily illuminating the massive
citadel that loomed over Kaas City. Built by slaves and devoted followers, the
citadel served as both palace and fortress, an unassailable meeting place for the

Emperor and the twelve handpicked Sith Lords who made up his Dark Council.
A decade earlier, when Scourge had first arrived on Dromund Kaas as a young
apprentice, he had vowed to one day set foot inside the citadel’s exclusive halls.
Yet in all his years of training at the Sith Academy on Kaas City’s borders, he
had never been granted the privilege. He had been one of the top students,
marked by his superiors for his strength in the Force and his fanatic devotion to
the ways of the Sith. But acolytes were not permitted inside the citadel; its
secrets were reserved for those in direct service to the Emperor and the Dark
Council.
The dark side power emanating from within the building was undeniable; he
had felt the raw, crackling energy every day during his years as an acolyte. He
had drawn on it, focusing his mind and spirit to channel the power through his
own body to sustain him during the brutal training sessions.
Now, after almost two years away, he was back on Dromund Kaas. Standing
on the landing pad, he could once again feel the dark side deep inside his bones,
the sizzling heat more than compensating for the minor discomfort of the wind
and rain. But he was no longer a mere apprentice. Scourge had returned to the
seat of Imperial power as a full-fledged Sith Lord.
He had known this day would come eventually. After graduating from the Sith
Academy he had hoped for a posting on Dromund Kaas. Instead he had been
sent to the fringes of the Empire to help quell a series of minor rebellions on
recently conquered worlds. Scourge suspected the posting had been a
punishment of some type. One of his instructors, jealous of the star pupil’s
potential, had probably recommended that he be stationed as far from the seat of
Imperial power as possible to slow his ascent to the upper ranks of Sith society.
Unfortunately, Scourge had no proof to back his theory. Yet even exiled to the
uncivilized sectors on the farthest borders of the Empire, he had still managed to
forge his reputation. His martial skills and ruthless pursuit of the rebel leaders
caught the notice of several prominent military leaders. Now, two years after
leaving the Academy, he had returned to Dromund Kaas as a newly anointed
Lord of the Sith. More important, he was here at the personal request of Darth
Nyriss, one of the most senior members of the Emperor’s Dark Council.
“Lord Scourge,” a figure called out over the wind, running up to greet him. “I
am Sechel. Welcome to Dromund Kaas.”
“Welcome back,” Scourge corrected as the man dropped to one knee and
bowed his head in a gesture of respect. “This is not my first time on this world.”
Sechel’s hood was pulled up against the rain, covering his features, but during
his approach Scourge had noticed the red skin and dangling cheek tendrils that
marked him as a pureblood Sith, just like Lord Scourge himself. But while

Scourge was an imposing figure, tall and broad-shouldered, this man was small
and slight. Reaching out, Scourge sensed only the faintest hint of the Force in the
other, and his features twisted into a sneer of revulsion.
Unlike the humans that made up the bulk of the Empire’s population, the Sith
species were all blessed with the power of the Force to varying degrees. It
marked them as the elite; it elevated them above the lower ranks of Imperial
society. And it was a legacy that was fervently protected.
A pureblood born without any connection to the Force was an abomination; by
custom such a creature could not be suffered to live. During his time at the
Academy, Lord Scourge had encountered a handful of Sith whose power in the
Force was noticeably weak. Hampered by their failing, they relied on the
influence of their high-ranking families to find them postings as low-level aids
or administrative officials at the Academy, where their handicap would be least
noticed. Spared from the lower castes only by their pureblood heritage, in
Scourge’s eyes they were barely better than slaves, though he did have to admit
that the more competent ones could have their uses.
But never before had he encountered one of his own kind with as feeble an
attunement to the Force as the man huddled at his feet. The fact that Darth
Nyriss had sent someone so vile and unworthy to greet him was unsettling. He’d
expected a more substantial and impressive welcome.
“Get up,” he snarled, making no effort to conceal his disgust.
Sechel quickly scrambled to his feet. “Darth Nyriss sends her apologies for
not coming to meet you personally,” he said quickly. “There have been several
attempts on her life recently, and she only leaves her palace under the rarest of
circumstances.”